Changing the game logic:
I first begin with looking toward the handleClick function to see if I can modify the function to change where I can place a mark based on the current state of the game.
I start with counting if there are at least three marks on the board by using the filter function to go through the squares array and checking how long it is based on how much of the array is taken up by the current players mark.
If the length is less than 3, I let the player place their mark wherever, but otherwise I now need to develop a condition check to see whether the new square that is being clicked is a square where I can place the marker in.

Adjacency Check:
I need to now check whether this new square is adjacent to any of the squares where the current player has their mark in.
To figure out how to implement this adjacent function, I do a google search on how to check whether a tile is adjacent to another in a 1d array since our square array is a 1d array of consecutive numbers.
Through some research on stack exchange and google ai overview I figure out that the easiest way to do this is by converting my 1d array index into a 2d (x,y) coordinate. I figure out that to convert my squares array index to a 2d coordinate I need to floor divide the index by 3 to get the x coordinate and modulus the index by three to get the y coordinate.
Now that I have two sets of coordinates, I can check if they are adjacent using the formula |x_1 - x_2| <= 1 && |y_1 - y_2| <= 1. I also implement this in my isAdjacent function. 

Going back to the handleClick function:
Now that my isAdjacent function is complete, I go back to my handleClick function and realize that I need a new variable. This new variable is going to be an array that has filtered out all the indices of the marks that the current player has on the board since I need this to use the isAdjacent function to see whether the new mark is actually adjacent to any of the marks currently present on the board.
Actually with this previous statement, I need to use a map function paired with a filter function. I need the map function to set all the non player mark indices to null and a filter function to then remove these nulls from my array and create an array of just the current player mark indices.
I now use this new variable to create a new variable that checks the length of this array and now based on the length of this array (represents amount of marks on board) I can decide what is the game logic that is allowed.
If there are less than three marks on the board, I allow the player to place their new mark anywhere where it is open on the board.
Otherwise, if there are three marks on this board, I check whether any of the marks are adjacent to the index of my new mark that the player is trying to place. I do this by using the .some function to go through the player indices array and check if at least one mark is adjacent to my new one. I use this as a conditional statement.
Now that I checked that there is at least one adjacent mark, I use a for loop to loop through the player indices again and find the first adjacent mark to replace.

Realizing my mistake:
Turns out I have to make actually give the player the option of which mark to move so I have to rework everything slightly.
Basically, I'm going to split my handleClick function into two phases: the placing phase and moving phase.
I'm first going to check whehter there are less than three marks on the board for the current player.
Otherwise if there is three marks on the board, I'm going to see which one the player has clicked. 
Otherwise we don't do anything and let the player try again.
For this part, I need to implement the use of a new state to process second moves.
I'm going to keep track of which square is selected to move and change its state based on that.
So I begin with checking whether there are three tiles on the board for the current player. If there is, now I check wether the tile has already been selected or not. If it has not been selected and the tile has the current players mark on it, then we change the selectedSquare state for that tile and return so the player can make his second move of where to place the new mark. If the tile has already been selected, we then continue through the rest of the phase.
Now I implement the second part of the move phase, checking whether the second click is actually a valid move spot. We now check whether the new tile clicked is empty and adjacent to the previously clicked tile as stored in the selectedTile state.
I just realized I also had a bug here, where the second phase didn't reset if an invalid move was inputed on the second part of the moving phase, so I fixed it by changing the selectedSquare state to null to address the autograder requirements. 
But if the the second part of the move phase is valid, we erase the old player mark and place a new one in the newly selected square and reset the selectedSquare state to null for the next time the player makes a move in the move phase.

Addressing the final rule of the new game:
Lastly, I forgot to implement the center win condition mechanic from earlier because I thought it was a bit of an add on after I have finished the main game mechanics.
I implement this mechanic after the player finished the second part of the move phase by checking if they have a piece on the center square and their new move is not moving from the center square and calculating whether a win is not possible with their new move. 